(docs) - elaborate on graphcache documentation (#950)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/graphcache/custom-updates.md

# Custom Updates

> Every time a `subscription` triggeres or a `mutation` receives a response GraphCache will look at the response and see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time Graphcache sees a result from the API for a `subscription` or a `mutation` it will look at the response and traverse it.
```

> if it can get a key from the response. This key is by default derived from the `__typename` and `id`/`_id`, unless

Reviewer: > This process is the same as for queries but instead of starting at the `Query` root type, it will start searching for keyable entities, where an object's `__typename` and `id` or `_id` fields (or a custom `keys` config) are provided, so it can write normalized entities to the cache.

customized in your `keys` configuration, this entity will then be added to the cache this means that

> an existing entity with the found key will be updated.. While it will update all normalized entities that it finds in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that existing entities with a found key will be updated and new ones will be written. While it will update all normalized entities that it finds in
```
